[singing voice] Aniplex.
What the heck...
Are these things?
[Tatsuya] I sewed magic sigils
onto all
of your mantles and robes.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
They operate under
the same theory
as engraving
via ancient magic mediums.
Both of those robes come
with the additional benefit
of enhancing their wearer's
magical potency.
So they make spells powerful?
Well, yes, but I have
a more specific use in mind.
By its very own nature,
Invisible Bullet needs
a visual confirmation
of its target.
[Tatsuya] By using these,
we should be able
to block George's spell.
Ah.
The committee
has already inspected all
of our devices
so there's no violation here.
[Mayumi] Tatsuya.
You do know the final
is being held
on an open plains stage.
[Tatsuya] Yes.
[Mayumi] You'll have
to take on Masaki Ichijou
whose forte is bombardment
on an open field
with no cover.
Can you do it?
Shiba, do you have a strategy?
If he tries to fight me
with his normal tactics,
then to be honest,
we don't even stand
a chance against him.
But since Mr. Ichijou appears
to be inordinately fascinated
by my skill set,
we could win if I can force him
into close combat.
Need I remind you brawling
is forbidden?
[Tatsuya] I just have
to keep my hands off.
I have an idea.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Tatsuya] I'm fully prepared.
I've done all that I could.
Still...
If this were
an actual battlefield
and we were to face off
with no limitations
on either side...
Fighting both of them
would be suicide.
Actually,
even if Masaki Ichijou
were my only opponent,
at this moment,
I can't say with any confidence
that I'd beat him.
[gasps]
Brother.
[Miyuki] I brought you a towel.
[chuckles]
Thank you.
So brother...
[Miyuki] Today is the day
of the final.
I'm certain
that your next opponent
will be quite formidable.
That's true.
[Miyuki] You must fight
with your powers
and skills restricted.
As a member of the clan
who imposed those limits,
it's not my place
to say such a thing.
I know that it may
even be unpleasant
for you to hear.
Even so, I believe that
there isn't anybody capable
of defeating you, brother.
[giggles]
[gasps]
[exhales]
Now, what do I do?
For real.
[Tatsuya] Apparently,
I can't afford
to lose this next match.
[wind gently blowing]
[indistinct chatter]
[laughing]
[Erika] What's that?
What are they wearing?
Please quiet down a bit, Erika!
[funky music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Mikihiko, we look like tools
in this get‐up, don't we?
You should use them just
as I explained earlier.
But why is it only us two?
Because I'm in the lead.
How could I wear something
so unsuitable for running?
[groans]
Perfect.
I know she's laughing
her head off right now.
[laughs]
Wow!
That was hilarious!
[giggles]
‐ There's so many‐‐
‐ [grunts]
Spirits swarming Yoshida's robe.
[Erika] Huh?
[magical whirring]
[boy] It's probably just
a bluff.
[Masaki] It's not a bluff.
He knew about George so perhaps
it's a counter measure against
the Invisible Bullet.
Maybe.
That spell has
no penetrating power.
[Shinkirou] But it's still
not something
you can block with fabric.
I can't imagine he'd confront us
with such
an uninspired strategy.
I don't understand.
Who'd have thought he'd still
have yet another trick
hiding up his sleeve?
[Masaki] Brooding over what
we don't know
won't get us anywhere.
[gasps]
Anyway,
a mere piece of cloth like that
poses no threat to our victory,
right?
Hello, Chairman Kudou!
We're happy to have you,
but what brings you here today?
Well, you see,
I've discovered a youngster
who's quite intriguing to me.
[grunts]
[siren wailing]
[buzzing]
[magical booming]
[grunts]
[clanging]
[cheering]
[boy 2] How incredibly bold
of him!
[boy 3] After all that pressure,
to be able to churn out
those spells with such accuracy.
[girl] Is he really
a course two student?
Tatsuya's fighting him back less
and less.
He's closer so he'll have
to keep going on the defensive
as they draw near each other.
[gasps]
It's going to get harder
from this point on.
[Shinkurou]
In the previous matches,
he used non‐systematic
and weight‐type magic.
But now he's using
Oscillation‐type magic.
He altered the structure
of his activation sequences
in two hours?
[distant booming]
Like we planned.
‐ I'm going as well.
‐ Right.
Leave the rear to me.
[Shinkurou grunts]
[grunts]
[booming]
[Tatsuya] I have no choice.
[magical whooshing]
[gasps]
Finally.
He can't get away
with holding back anymore.
You're taking this too lightly,
sir.
Hmm.
To fully detect the early signs
of magic activation
on invisible air bullets
with just five senses
would be impossible,
even for an ace
like Tatsuya Shiba.
Besides,
in this particular situation,
a valid case could be made
that he used
a sixth sense rather
than elemental sight.
Oh, you think so?
It's true.
Our friend should be capable
of deceiving
those lightweights out there.
However, I'm not so certain he
can fool those
esteemed guys up above.
[grunts]
[Leonhard grunts]
[Shinkirou] What?
[Leonhard shouting]
[booming]
[grunts]
[Shinkirou] So that's how
they're using the fabric,
which means my invisible bullets
will be useless.
[grunts]
Dammit!
What?
Illusion?
[Leonhard shouting]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[shouting]
[gasps]
Huh?
[Shinkirou] Masaki!
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[beeping]
[gasps]
Whoa!
[shouts]
[groaning]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Masaki] Oh, crap.
I didn't adjust it.
At this rate,
with these settings,
it'll end up killing him.
[gasps]
[gun cocking]
[grunts]
[gulps]
both: Tatsuya!
Tatsuya, no!
Tatsuya!
[gasps]
[Masaki] The amount of force
I just unleashed on him
was in violation of the rules!
[grunts]
What did I just do?
[Tatsuya] Rib fractures.
Rupture of the liver arteries.
Massive hemorrhaging
also likely.
Combat capacity diminishing.
Dropping below threshold.
Self restoration sequence,
auto start.
Loading magic sequence.
Retrieving core Eidos data
from backup.
Decoding.
Restoration now starting.
Complete.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[snaps]
[air whipping]
[screeching]
[all shouting]
[gasps]
[shudders]
[Tatsuya gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
[gasps]
What?
What in the world happened
out there?
When his fingers snapped,
he must have strengthened
the sound wave.
[gasps]
Yes, I agree.
He incapacitated Ichijou with
that high volume acoustic blast.
It ruptured his ear drums
and damaged his inner ears.
That was obvious at just
a mere glance!
No, that's not what I mean?
[Mayumi] Wasn't Tatsuya defeated
a minute ago?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
[Mayumi] He had been
severely injured
by Ichijou's illegally
excessive attack,
so how was he able
to get up again?
[Katsuto] Saegusa, calm down.
Among the ancient martial arts,
which Shiba's trained in,
lies the mystical ability
to fortify the body.
The knowledge we have is not
the end all be all.
Life is full of mysteries.
Magic spells are not
the only miracles.
Put that aside for now.
The match isn't over yet.
[Mayumi] I guess you're right.
Beg your pardon.
[Kousuke] It just never
gets old.
The swiftness
of his self restoration.
It's beyond us human's
natural cognitive speed.
[groans]
Aww, I'm joking.
Don't give me that look.
I've never seen
Tatsuya Shiba use
the self restoration spell.
He's not even supposed
to be able to use that.
It's clearly beyond his ability.
Yes indeed.
His resilience is otherworldly.
That young man,
he's really something else.
It doesn't give you the right
to conduct experiments
on Shiba like he's some sort
of a lowly lab rat.
On the contrary,
he's a valuable asset.
One of only two in the country
and one of a rumored 50 or so
in the whole world, after all.
‐ Hmm.
Well, I doubt he's such
a weakling that he'd fall apart
after a few
scientific experiments.
Come on.
It's not a matter of whether
he'd fall apart or not.
[Kousuke] Be that as it may,
it's exactly like
you said earlier.
Tatsuya deployed the spell,
didn't he?
[Kyouko] Yes.
As expected,
engaging an opponent
like Ichijou
with such a low spec CAD
was too tall a task.
I can't say I would blame him
for using Flash Cast.
[Kousuke] Did you say
Flash Cast?
Instead of using a CAD,
the magician calls up
the activation sequence
from memory.
The speed of the technique
is a big threat.
[Kyouko] Particularly
in his case.
That capability
to store magic sequences
within his memory as images
allows him to bypass.
He can completely skip
the process
for building magic sequences.
[Kousuke] What do you think?
Is there anyone in our squad
who can activate
that sequence faster
than Shiba just did?
I would venture that Yanagi
who commands the same set
of skills is the only one
who can hope to equal him.
[grunts]
Masaki!
He lost?
Kichijouji, out of the way!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[electric sparking]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Mikihiko] You did it,
didn't you, Tatsuya?
[grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[groaning]
I can't let us lose.
If Tatsuya defeated
the Ichijous' Crimson Prince...
Then at the very least
I can return the favor
and eliminate Cardinal George!
[magical whooshing]
Not again!
[grunts]
[groans]
[shouts]
[gasps]
[rumbling]
[booming]
[whirring]
[grunts]
[Shinkirou grunts]
Dammit!
[gasps]
Take that!
[thuds]
[grunts]
You're gonna pay for that!
[rumbling]
[Mikihiko gasps]
So I ended up losing, huh?
[upbeat music]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[groans]
[siren blaring]
[crowd cheering]
[Mayumi] I can't believe it.
Did we just win?
[grunts]
Yes, chairwoman.
We won it.
‐ [boy 2] We're champions!
‐ [gasps]
[boy 3] We've taken first place
in the rookie competition!
[girl] First High's done it!
[gasps]
[giggles]
[cheers and applause]
[both laughing]
[weeping]
[upbeat victorious music]
[gasps]
[laughing]
Good job back there.
But you totally stole
the spotlight from us.
Had you been planning that?
Only in my dreams, man.
I'm telling you,
I was immobile for a while.
[Leonhard] Last time
I got slammed
that hard was two years ago
when I got hit by a motorcycle.
[gasps]
Man, did I get my clock cleaned
that time.
There was this little kid
who got stuck behind me
so I couldn't move out
of the way
and I just stood my ground.
Bam!
I got hit.
There's no way I was getting out
of that unscathed.
In fact,
I cracked three ribs that day.
Today wasn't that bad.
In fact it was a total breeze
by comparison.
[groans]
Uh, Leo,
may I ask you a quick question,
just to clarify something?
All of the Cardinal's
compressed air bullets,
did you block them
with fortifying magic?
[laughs]
Actually, it's embarrassing,
but I was so focused
on attacking,
as you may guess,
I had no defenses at the time.
It's so embarrassing.
[grunts]
Wait a second.
Are you saying you were able
to withstand Ichijou's
attack magic
with your body alone?
Yeah, but it was too much
for me,
and that's why
it took me so long
to stand back up again.
Hmm?
Hold on a sec.
Your lip is bleeding,
Mikihiko.
‐ Are you all right?
‐ What?
Yeah.
I'm totally a‐okay.
[Leonhard] Come to think of it,
how are you, Tatsuya?
Huh?
I'm sorry?
Could you say that again?
Uh...
I was wondering
if you're feeling okay, Tatsuya.
[Tatsuya] Yeah.
I've got a ruptured ear drum
on one side,
so I can't hear
very well right now.
Anyway, Mikihiko‐‐
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Tatsuya] What's wrong?
Seriously, you're starting
to freak me out.
You look like you've just seen
a ghost.
[gasps]
It's not that.
You really can't hear us?
So you couldn't understand
what we were saying?
You don't know what we've
been talking about, then?
Afraid not.
Right now I'm only
getting by because
of my ability to read your lips.
[Tatsuya] Well, I did manage
to hear the part where
I think Leo said he had been hit
by someone's motorcycle.
[gasps]
That didn't raise any questions
inside your mind, then?
Questions?
About what?
Uh...
[Leonhard] Hey, Mikihiko.
What the heck's
the matter with you?
Why'd you get so gloomy all
of a sudden?
[scoffs]
Come on!
Victory is ours!
We're winners, Mikihiko!
[scoffs]
[groans]
That's true.
[cheers and applause]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[gasping]
Brother!
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪